Mu Li really wants to thank you this time.
My brother was in his junior year of dragon drama
Then he was suspended from school for two and a half years due to illness
Just got back recently
His classmate deliberately asked him to come to the gold test
Just to humiliate him
If it weren't for you
He just
I happen to know a good agent
I'll talk to him later.
Arrange for him to meet your brother
he
Shouldn't it be in your Rong's media company?
Why don't you want him to join Long's Media?
It's okay if I join the team alone
Can't let my brother jump in
Mr. Wang is cold
I hope he finds a warmer one.
But you are fine
I'm sure I'm not worried
OK, that's it.
Yes, thank you.
I'll go first then.
Slow down
Xiuyuan, my aunt will return to China this weekend
Then you can go somewhere with me.
Xiao Mo
Is that okay?
Mom, this person's walking figure is really amazing
You are not only greedy for money, but also lustful
Do you still want me?
or
Let's talk more.
Hey, hey, Mr. Wang
This is us, our aunt.
It's not suitable for a man and a widow to be in the same room
What's inappropriate?
reasonable and legal
Or do you want to question and call up
The velvet player in the inner gutter
You have a fiancee yourself
You also hooked up with your little white moonlight
Sorry to say me
Muli and I are just good friends
It's not as dirty as you think.
Dirty you say I'm dirty
Then I'll show you my dirty mind